Hey, what's going on? It's Bill Burr and It's time for the Thursday afternoon.
Just before Friday. Monday morning podcast and
ahhh
I'm just checking in on yet. What's going on? How's your week going?
Are you having a good time with the people in your life?
If you not drink some booze,
go down to the pub. Oh, by yourself.
Preferably during the day. There's nothing better than day drinking.
I'll tell you that right now. A lot of people think, oh,
holding my child fucked, cheering and disease.
I don't think so.
Sitting in a bar during the day,
you know one of those bars where you know the sun barely fucking comes in,
right? One of those fucking places don't meet a gay bar. All right,
let me tell you right now,
now I'm one of those gay bars were what's accepted now, right?
Don't gay bars have like fucking ceiling to floor windows, right?
We're here. We're queer.
We'd like some fucking beers and then what goes on there? I don't know.
I haven't got caught up on will and grace. I'm sorry.
I don't want to stupid mood. Dammit. Um, yeah.
Day drinking day, drinking bed.
It always had the beetle should've made that instead of day tripper.
She was a day drinker. Fucking boozin. Yeah.
It took us to get drunk.
Now she's drunk. [inaudible] Gudu Gudu Gudu um,
I've been writing all day. We got a table read tomorrow morning,
so it's actually Wednesday evening and I'm doing this, uh,
in my spotless home, my spotless home home. Home.
Home. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. My wife is on the road again.
Right. She's out visiting some fucking friends or whatever. Um,
or having an affair. I don't know. I can't keep tabs on her.
I only have an iPhone six, you know,
if I had one of those phones that they already have in Japan,
I could probably watch her from a satellite and then text her,
you know, while I played that creepy stinks on, I guess it's the police. Right.
I'll be watching you. I remember someone, that song came out, they said, uh,
you know, that song actually makes men beat women. It's like, no.
I would say a poor childhood would probably be bigger than stinks fucking song.
You know,
that was back when you really could try to blame musicians for fucking,
for your own bad parenting. You know what I mean? Oh,
there was devil in the music and you play it backwards and you sucked as a
mother. Well,
and then this song here reminds him of this and him dad. Yes.
Smoked when it was in the womb. Just shut up already.
Remember that Tipper Gore and all of them slapping those stickers all over the
right.
Meanwhile the roll and the Illuminati dressing up like pheasants stick in their
fucking fists in each other's asses all that's what goes down.
That's what happens. That's the,
that's the kind of thing that's CNN and Fox News are too afraid to talk about.
That's why they're always going after fucking comedians.
If we do a Bruce Jenner joke,
it's just a big misdirection cause they really don't want to know or let the
regular people know how much fisting is going on at the upper 1% of wealth.
But I'll get to that later. I'll get to that later. Um,
anyways, that was a big weekend spots.
This is how little soccer fucking matters in the United States when Lester city
did, which is basically the impossible,
they won the premier league. And I know there's a lot of yanks,
lot of Yankee Kunstler listening right now. Right. Um,
basically the premier league, in my mind, in my world,
in my pasty freckled, uh, lonely world,
I would say that the premier league, if you're gonna watch soccer,
that's what the fuck you watch. I would even say fuck the World Cup.
The World Cup is like the St Patrick's Day of fucking soccer where every
douchebag who barely even gives a fuck shows up and then they fucking somebody
somebody gets puked on, right? The premier league.
That's the real shit. That is the real shit. It just sounds real.
That looks real. Aim one leg one. I actually, if I put that shit on,
if it's fall a little bit cold out, you know,
it feels like dead Shitty fucking England, whether I'll actually watch it and,
which means a lot, you know what I mean?
Cause I know that fucking people over in England, they don't watch NFL football.
They think it's stupid, right? Everybody running around, you know,
in shape with good dentists dental work. I'm sorry.
Um, anyways, so what I love about the premier league,
and I'm going to fuck this up. It's been explained to me 50 times.
I just don't have enough time in my life to pay attention.
But the one thing that I do that I think is fucking hilarious is with all our
leagues over here, if you're in the NHL, you're in the NHL, you're in the NFL.
If you're in the NFL, you're just in there. No matter how bad you saw,
you're fucking in there. All right?
Like take the New York Yankees right now in the fucking
right. I watched a little baseball this week. Um, I just happened to catch it.
I even know the red sox are playing the Yankees. Did we sweep them?
I think we didn't. I think that made us go into first place. Oh, well,
my talking shit about a sport I never watch. I think I am. Um,
I actually liked it. The a, the panic guy. I don't wish this on anybody,
but he's out.
So now we kind of don't really have any big free agents and I'll feel like the
Yankees really do either. So I, I kinda like it. It seems like it's gone back.
It's settled down. The roids are out of the game.
All the big free agent fucking things. It's because she kind of settled down.
Um, and this might sound fucked up to a red sox fan,
but I don't want the Yankees to be in last place. I'm going to be right there,
right there with us, you know, slugging it out.
And then the last day of the year we give them the all right there Fred.
And then we go to fucking the playoffs. That's what I want. But I, I'm, I'm,
I'm, I'm going, I'm, I'm getting off the fucking highway here.
I need to get back on here. So in the premier league, this is a great that,
I think it's the last two teams,
the bottom two teams every year in the premier league, if you suck,
if you sucked a bag of Dicks, basically, if you just weren't,
everybody was kicking the shit out of you basically.
Meaning they scored like two goals on you. You know, it absent,
they got murdered, he lit up two goals and fucking nine hours.
Um, they get bounced right out of the fear out of the fucking leak.
You know what I mean? Like say a, I don't know,
I'm trying to think somebody in this, there's so much parody in the fucking NFL.
We'll say the Tampa Bay Buccaneers back back in the day, like when they went,
oh and 14, boom, you're out of the league, you know, and the Detroit lions,
you're out of the league. And then they give,
they give some other clubs a chance. And um,
and that happens every year. And that's,
I guess that's the way it becomes a premier league. I don't know.
You'd think they'd just take all the best guys and stick them on 30 teams like
we do. But this is different. You know, you think they brushed their teeth,
there's a whole bunch of things that you'd think they,
that they would do over there, but they choose not to. You know, it's funny,
I went over there, I didn't really notice any worse teeth. You know,
than they have over here, depending on where you're at. I Dunno,
I just like breaking their balls and plus I'm going to be coming over there in
August. It's looking like,
so I figured I might as well prime the pump by truck and shit about him.
God knows if I just said how much I enjoy going over there and traveling through
Europe, if I said that, that's boring.
So what you got to do to get people to come to shows as you get to shit on their
country. Right? So anyways, um,
so after the end of the last last season,
two teams got kicked out and two new teams get brought in this little ass team
called Lester city, right? They weird way of spelling it.
Um,
God brought up and they were a 5,000 to one chance to win the whole fucking
thing. 5,000 to one.
Meaning if you put $1 on them at the beginning of the,
the thing you would a one $5,000, you get it.
If you put $2 down, all right,
you woulda got $10,000. If you put 50 cents on those fuckers,
you woulda got $2,500 is that right?
Yeah, yeah, Shane. Um, anyways,
I'm just trying to say that doesn't make sense to me.
You wouldn't do that or would you? Mathematically does,
but in my head I just keep thinking five times one. I'm seeing a five there.
I'll have to do it later, but I think it's 20. It's gotta be $2,504 5,000.
I mean, shit, that's only fair. All right. So anyways,
plumbing your head here. Those motherfuckers won the whole thing.
I know it was a lot of people thought [inaudible] too quickly. Um,
I guess the US Olympic team in 1980 was like thousand to one and I forget what
the mets were in 69. Um,
but basically those were the two biggest sports underdogs that anybody could
think of in the u s or at least a person I was talking to and Lester city was
five times that. And um,
that was such a big fucking deal.
I actually went on the internet to see reaction videos of fans of that club
losing their fucking shit. And I just sat there laughing in a good way,
seeing how happy people were. Um, that's always the grace.
I don't know why that is the greatest,
but it's always the greatest for somebody who just like out of fucking nowhere
comes along and wins it. You know, it's the whole rocky story. Right?
So congratulations to them. Um,
but I think as much as that's the greatest sports thing in recent memory,
I think, um, in the U s we're going to with clips that very quickly,
um, if we haven't already, because I have to,
I have to think what were the fucking odds that Donald Trump was going to secure
the Republican,
whatever the fuck the Republican National Convention Party,
whatever they call them there be the presidential nominee for that fucking
party.
Okay.
Do you understand that Ted Cruz
throwing in the towel and everybody said he elbowed his wife? He didn't.
Okay. She was third man in, I tweeted about this. If you look what happened,
he hugged her first, right?
And then he went in for the man hug and then she, they know,
according to the NHL rule of third man in, if there's,
if there's an altercation already happening and a third party entrust it,
it's an on an automatic game misconduct. So she should've got a game as conduct,
right. If she's done that before in the past, you know,
maybe she should get a suspension. I'll tell you what was fucking hilarious.
She hung in there like a trooper.
She took knuckled and a couple of fucking elbows.
She looked like she was trying to stop one of those little kitty merry go rounds
with their head, you know, just kept taking a fucking bar to the skull.
Um, he then did then did include her.
I thought it was weird that she wanted to hug with those two men. Um,
I don't know much about Ted Cruz, but I think, uh, I don't know.
I felt a weird sorta Rotisserie vibe there from his wife that I think already
occurred. You know, they will probably saying, all right,
we're going to do this. Let's do it now. Okay. I told you I couldn't do it.
You know, I'm running for president. I don't need that ship.
And now it's over and I'm just a senator now, so yeah. You know,
I'll be on the other end where you fucking my wife.
I'll have her blow me a little bit. You know, I don't give a shit, you know,
just, just push this bill through. Isn't that how politics work? I have no idea.
Let let, let's get back to us talking about, so fucking, what's his name?
They're fucking, uh, Willie wiffle.
They're the fucking guy with the to pay comes back and around again, right?
Donald Trump.
I just want the American people to know that by giving him that fucking position
in politics, you just cleared the way for Hillary Clinton to become president.
And I don't want to hear a fucking word out of Neu Republicans.
Not a fucking word. This is the guy you picked.
You got no one to blame but yourselves.
The only thing I do like about Donald Trump,
Trump actually being nominated is it makes me feel like it makes my conspiracy
theory, like go down. Like,
there's no way. They don't count the votes. If that guy got in,
I used to think they just pretended to count the votes and then they just stuck
this like nobody wants that. Fuck the guy. Yet.
I know some of the most staunch Republicans you could possibly fucking run into
and they have their head in their hands going, how the fuck?
How the fuck did this guy become president? And I, that's, that's easy.
That's easy. All you have to do is look at pop music.
He just look at the shit that sells on TV.
But your horse screaming and yelling at each other. You know what I mean? It's,
it's inevitable. I had to be honest, you,
I cannot fucking believe that this guy,
he's a freaky to fucking star of a reality show.
This is worse than when Schwartzenegger ran fucking California. This is fucking
Africa. It's just unbelievable. Un-Fucking-Believable but anyways,
congratulations to Leicester City. Um,
that must've been insane. That's something that, you know,
that's one of those ones you're going to talk about until you're like fucking a,
I still talk about the red sox coming back in 2004, um,
out of all the championships, um,
you know,
Boston is one in the last 10 years and I can't say that 10, 12 years. I mean,
we won a bunch of them. Um, that was the one that was the fucking,
you know, it's a fucking Yankee. Say I had like 26 championships.
We had one in like fucking 86 years down. Oh three. I mean,
that was like a fucking, it was like Jimmy Fallon Drew Barrymore,
a fucking movie there. Right. They actually had to throw that.
They didn't even have that in the fucking script because they were in that movie
going on on a, this is gonna seem too unbelievable.
And then it fucking happened and they had to change the ending to the movie.
That's, that's incredible. And, um,
oh man,
I'll never forget that fucking cop at fucking New York City cop when we were
down oh three and I was still wearing my red sox hat walking down the street in
New York and he fucking laughed. He goes, look at this fucking guy, blah, blah,
blah, blah. Just laughing. And I remember we won the next game and the next,
next and every day I'd walk out of my apartment going right by the same place
looking for that fucker. And I never saw him again. I'm like,
what was I going to do? Point in my hat, you fucking pig and they get arrested.
That wasn't going to do that.
I would've shot him a dirty look and he would have been like,
what the fuck was that about? Because I never had the balls to talk shit.
You know what it was? Cause I knew he was right.
I agreed with them after game three when we lost like 19 to eight or some shit.
So anyways, I'm congratulations.
I always love seeing shit like that when a team like that comes out of fucking
nowhere. So that's uh, that's awesome. And speaking of us sports,
believe it or not, with my busy schedule, I've actually, um,
because I live on the west coast, mercifully, um,
I've been able to watch most of the fucking games and with the lovely Nia out of
town, I've been just living like a fucking bachelor like this.
You should see how much the Tivo or whatever the fuck you call it.
The record thing, how much it's changed. It was, she has her show her,
show her, show her, show her show, my show, her show, her show.
She tapes fucking everything.
Every mother fucking real housewife fucking thing. She loves those shows.
Real housewives of Atlanta, real housewives of New Jersey.
Real housewives of fucking Orange County. Uh,
there's some hip hop love show, whatever the fuck that one's called.
And then she'll, you know, she'll have like fucking, I dunno, citizen Kane,
she's one way or the other. She'd see that's just absolute fucking unbelievable.
Or, or just like shit and there's no middle ground with her. Right.
And then every once in a while I'll have a game on there.
So now that she's been gone,
it's like I'm recording every fucking game, every fucking game.
Uh, although I'm missing the fucking capitols and penguins right now. Um,
but I've been watching the blues. I've been watching the sharks. Hey,
I'm warming up to the shocks. I like those bearded fuckers. You know what?
There's something scummy about him and I don't, I relate to it. Um,
I also liked the pride. I kinda like everybody who's left,
except for the penguins and I, I don't root against the penguins. I just,
every time I see him, it's like you stole our colors.
You fucking have pieces of shit in your ring of honor.
There's just something about him, you know, I don't hate him. You know,
the reason why I donate them is because I love Joe Bart and he loves the
penguin. So I sorta fucking root for him. But I always just think like,
these are the guys with the knee breakers. So then wine,
when people try and take their knees and I don't understand it,
they came into the league, they took our colors.
It's just like this like room for a joke. Thief. I know what they going to say.
Oh, you took him from your fucking Steelers. No, he didn't. No, he didn't.
It was fucking hockey. We, we,
we've been around since the fucking 1920s was no fucking Pittsburgh Steelers in
1929. I'll get that. I'll tell you right now, I don't give a fuck if there was,
was that, let me actually check here. 1929
Pittsburgh Steelers. Let's see if they're around. Doo Doo, Doo, Doo,
Doo Doo Doo. Myron copes, Pittsburgh Steelers official. Terrible tower towel.
No. Oh, wait a minute.
Pittsburgh Steelers and maybe let's go to Wikipedia here. It was funny by now,
like 99% of people in Pittsburgh know the answer to this question already.
There's such maniac fans there. I mean that in a respectful way. Oh,
you know what? I don't give a fuck.
God knows they're all going to correct me anyways.
I don't need to look this shit up. Um, but anyways,
plowing ahead here. Uh, I've been watching all this stuff. Um,
I don't think I've, even though the blues are playing fucking great. Um,
I think when Tyler Sagan comes back, we'll see. We'll see what the fuck happens.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say Dallas has a little bit of a, uh,
goaltender issue. Um, it was a bad game. It was a bad game for him.
Whatever he fucking you. Yep. You plow ahead, you plow ahead. Um,
I believe in Jamie Ben though. That guy's got that fucking messy a vibe.
So I would never say that it's over until it is fucking over.
But it's looking good for the blues. My, uh,
my foster hockey parents since my Bruin shit, the bed towards the end,
we didn't shit to bed. We actually had a great fucking year for, um,
everybody we got rid of.
It's just such that we thought we were gonna make the playoffs and we went out
west and the whole thing fell apart. But I've talked about that before. Um,
hey bill, how's your ass? How's the fucking Sayada God,
I'm like, the candles are rock. He's fucking Dean says, um,
I'm actually almost a hundred percent. I open my 100% because, uh,
I got to get on a plane and I got a flight of flooded. That is,
I used to say as a kid, I'm doing a run at dates out there, Hollywood, Florida,
Orlando, Florida in Jacksonville, Florida. Um,
and uh, I think, am I right? These fucking stretches of the shit.
I actually tweeted a link, um, to,
if you have any sort of psychotic nerve thing, it really helped me.
I hope it helps you.
And actually the guy who made the videos actually tweeted back to me said, yeah,
she listens to the podcast or something, which is fucking crazy to me. Um,
and I guess the only other thing to tell you about is the, uh,
is the fucking weight room that I got to go. I haven't looked at it yet today,
but, um, I finally had them show up. You know,
I told you when we opened up the fucking ceiling,
if you saw the god Damn Weekend Warrior Horse Shit.
Okay.
You know, what kills me is when I think about this house being like,
okay,
almost a hundred years old.
I just think of all the people that have walked through here in Shit,
you know what I mean? Like American horror story.
And I sit there and I pictured them and I'm not afraid of them.
I'm just sort of trying to picture them and I'm trying to picture what the
fucking douchebag. Who did that work down there in the garage look like?
Or his friend? I told you when we open the fucking ceiling up,
I just looked at the contractor and I was just like, what do you,
what the guy who built this, what do you think he did for a living?
You'd think he was a mailman. Was he a,
did he usually fucking stand behind a team of oxen? I don't know what he did,
but he sure as hell wasn't a fucking contractor.
So they finally went up there and they, um, you know,
while I was at work, I came home and they had it all fucking framed properly.
So now you don't have to worry about, you know, how fucking funny would that be?
Wouldn't be funny for me. Be Funny for you guys.
If I finally had a gym built in my garage and I was down there in above,
it collapsed and killed me when I was trying to work out.
That's the kind of thing that Canadians, chick would say would be ironic. Right.
And then she's so don't you think
it's like the sailing collapsing on you when you're working out?
Yeah,
it's getting your period and having no tampon.
Um, that's one of those fucking stupid songs.
She remember when she was singing that song going, hey, hey,
when she comes down and you went to theater,
I remember I liked the song cause I liked the drums and shit.
And I remember listening to it in a fucking bar in this fucking chick just says,
do you like this science even not at the back. It's like, I, yeah,
I know what it's about. I'd say she's not saying it about me.
You're fucking lunatic.
Okay.
Jesus Christ. Have a glass of lemonade there.
Chase Jesus. Don't get me started with that fucking album. Holy Shit. Um,
anyways, what the fuck was I talking about here? Oh Yeah, the gym. That gym.
The gym is on fire.
This hose hopefully going to be done in the next couple of weeks because a,
as mentioned, I'm sitting in the fucking writers room and old Billy boy,
I'm a maintain it. You know, it's funny,
I'm actually eating great during the day and then I come home and it all falls
apart because knee is not here to say bill fucking ease up on the fucking
drinking and a, you know, I got those big ice cubes in the refrigerator.
I pour a couple of strong ones. I'm feeling good, you know,
next thing you know, I'm fucking sleeping like a Goddamn grizzly.
Wake up at three in the morning, sweating on the couch,
and then I go downstairs and I put on my pajamas.
That's basically what happens to me when my fucking, well my,
why a wife leaves town, you know Christ, they fall apart. Hey, who the fuck is,
I think I brought this guy up before, but Ryan Reeves on the blues,
Jesus Christ,
I don't believe they say he's six one two 30 something. When he's out there,
he looks like he's six five to 60
guys like the fucking hulk on skates.
He looks like an even bigger George La rock. I love,
he was like sort of backing into the boards and he just punches three different
fucking stars right in the face.
Just sort of face wash this guy a little jab for you.
A is a fucking Lee fucking, you know, shake you around like a ragdoll.
Then he blows a kiss to the bench devil shades of John Wenson,
way back in the day when he challenged the whole, um,
northstar's bench asked somebody to fucking step over, um,
Jesus, he looked like a fucking lunatic. You know what I mean?
He looks like that guy like yet and it just doesn't, you know,
it goes to pick up a child and accidentally kills him.
There was a lot of guys that played in the NHL in the 70s.
You just looked at him like, you know,
Dave Schultz fucking looks on their faces sometimes when they went out there.
Granted they had to do what they had to do. But a lot of those guys, you know,
who's they, they, they really should have been in jail. Um,
and I hate to say this, but that, that is what really attracted me to the sport.
It was always, it was the fighting first. And for the,
for the life of me, I don't understand why people have a problem with it.
You know what I mean?
I hate when people talk about the purity of sport and the purity of competition
and all of that. It's just like, just shot. I mean,
why don't you just fucking look up the chimney and wait for Santa Claus to come
down? You know what I mean? Purely in sports, the whole fucking,
the whole, at least here in the United States, I mean, the whole fucking thing.
It's like that poor bastard who got caught. Was He smoking fucking dope?
He supposed to do that. He's in college, right? And then, you know,
he gets a couple of hundred bucks.
He's playing for a team that's selling like 80,000 to a hundred thousand tickets
a fucking week. And he doesn't got two fucking nickels to rub together.
And what are the odds that he's actually going to make it?
Don't even fucking tell me, oh, he gets a free education.
He doesn't have time to study. He's got to study the fucking playbook. Right?
Okay.
That's slave labor, man. It's fucking, they're all getting,
they're getting fucked over. I'll get some point.
They really got to do like the, a sort of like the college
athlete behind the music and I'm not talking about the guys that made it then
got fucked over, you know, with people's, you know,
relatives stealing their money.
Just about all those fucking people that you just, you went to school,
you didn't have time to go to class.
The team you were playing on was selling out the fucking arena.
It actually paid for the art, most of the buildings on the campus. And then,
uh, you didn't make it. And now guy and I'm,
well now you're driving a fucking eight, some six foot 10 guy driving a bus,
you know, driving the fucking Ava's shuttle.
Okay.
They could have at least, you know, thrown up a little bit of money.
Do you understand me? Just as a performer, all I can say is, you know,
to go out there and fucking sell a thousand, 100,000,
I can't imagine how much fucking money that is.
Can't imagine it and forget about all the fucking merge, all of that shit.
They can't kick the, this guy's gonna,
they're gonna break this guy's balls over like 500 bucks. Um,
I don't want to think it's bullshit, but I'm also, I'm also pretty jaded,
so maybe, maybe I'm, I can do this right now. Am I gonna fucking retract again?
Maybe I'm wrong. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that. Donald Trump's a great,
you know, he's a great, uh,
that's a great choice out of all the Americans out there that you could have
picked, you know what I mean? Yeah.
Let's have Donald Trump against Hillary Clinton and fucking, uh,
Barry Sanders coming up around the outside. It's fuck sustainable.
Not Larry Sanders. Bernie Sanders. Um, oh.
What are you going to do? This is just going to be a brutal eight years.
Okay.
Hey, I'll put a bomb of fucking killing it.
That's the second time he's done that he murdered at some other fucking banquet.
Um, that time. Yeah. Took the piss out of fucking Donald Trump.
And some people are saying that's why Donald ended up running. But uh,
yeah, I have no idea.
Maybe they're just trying to blame him for the fucking nightmare.
That is Donald Trump.
I cannot fucking believe that there wasn't anybody in the Republican Party that
could defeat this guy.
My only fucking thing is I watch Hillary go to the White House.
Then I'm going to with joy is watching him be a fucking asshole to her.
Um,
I just hope that he treats her the way he treated all the guys I want.
I want gloves off. I want to bring it up. Fuck it.
Every skeleton they have,
that's going to be the only enjoyment that I'm going to get out of this cause
other than the, it's a fucking travesty. But Hey, at least, you know,
you can't say now that they don't count the votes because there's no fucking way
anybody have influence. Once that guy, there's no fucking way, you know,
this is actually becoming personal,
like the level with which then I'm fucking talking about this guy.
So I guess I got to trash. I got trashed. Hillary. I've trashed her enough.
Bernie Sanders, the old man on the lawn, right?
I Dunno. So anyways, um,
I'm going to do a little bit advertising here and uh,
you guys have a wonderful weekend. You conch a marine,
a little bit of advertising here and then, uh,
we're gonna play some fucking music and then play a little bit of, uh,
some greatest hits from back in the day on the podcast. And uh, you know,
I'm sure there'll be a couple of you bitching about the music.
There's always people. Yeah. [inaudible] you don't use you go,
you like music tonight. Oh, like, um, anyways. Uh, all right.
I don't have the advertising right now.
So this is going to be a weird thing where now you have to stop and then it's
going to come back on.
So I'm hitting stop right now and by the wonder of technology or whatever,
of editing of Garageband, I dunno what, I'll be back in like a second.
So there's really no reason to even bring it up. All right, now.
All right. The magic of a technology here.
I'm actually watching the end of the capitals Pittsburgh game to 2040.
Go with the 30 till. I'll take it up there. All right.
Little bit of advertising here. All right, this is from Onnit, uh,
from my good friend Joe Rogan. Joe Rogan swears by this stuff.
Everybody Alpha brain instant from Onnit is a delicious all natural stimulant
free drink mix that helps support memory, focus and processing speed.
The Boston Medical Center. Now the Boston up from memory.
I need some of this shit's so bad.
Conducted a double blind study showing its effectiveness.
What they should do is have me read this shit now and then take some and watch
me cry later. Um,
it's the secret weapon of pro athletes like Bodie, Miller and Duncan Keith,
but anyone can benefit from the effects of Alpha brain incident.
Simply mix a stick packet of Alpha brain incident into a water bottle bottle and
start feeling the effects immediately. It's non GMO gluten free,
stimulant free made of natural ingredients. And most importantly,
it works as a special offer for my listeners.
You can try Alpha brain instant for free by going to
onnit.com/bill that's o n n I
t.com/bird to get your free sample of Alpha brain instant. Now. Oh Jesus,
look who's back club. Debbie, everybody clubbed down. Clipped Jimmy,
why didn't you vote for GMA again? Don't Trump love wine. Sure we all do.
We've got the perfect wine club for you club Debbie. Let's go to Afghanistan.
BF six month war. Um,
club w is a revolutionary wine club that delivers high quality wine straight to
your door. They partnered with innovate.
They partner with innovative wine makers from all over the world world, world,
world to produce a wide variety of small lot handcrafted wines for their members
with club. Debbie, I've got nothing to say about GM.
I'm out fishing on an aquifer. Um,
you have the freedom to pick up and choose the types of wines in the number of
bottles you receive each month.
Right now club Debby like of weapons of mass destruction is offering listeners
$20 off your first order when you go to club. Debbie,
my daughters used to be drunk horse. Now they're married club Debbie TECOM.
Slash. Burn. And after that it gets even fuck it.
I know you all hate paying for shipping.
So club Debbie will actually pay for your shipping on orders of bottles,
four bottles or more. So take something off your to do list.
Just go to club Debbie at.com/burr to get $20 off your first order.
Now that's club debi.com/. [inaudible] all right,
uh, what do we got here? Boll and branch, Boll and branch.
Um, it sounds like a steakhouse as you set out to improve yourself.
There's one simple thing you can do every day to help you be your best in every
situation. And that's get a good night's sleep. Don't I know it.
Fucking booze bag all in branch delivers the rest you need wrapped up in there.
Super comfortable luxury linens and they do it right there.
The first betting company to be fair traded certified,
which means your sheets come from the work of happy hands,
not from sweatshops. That's really interesting.
It's great to see a company do that, huh?
And beautiful packaging made entirely from recycled and sustainable materials.
Let me listen to my shirt right now.
I can hear the fucking child crying that put it together. I'm okay.
You can only get their sheets in one place. That's Bolden,
branch.com where you know you're paying for quality and not department store
overhead.
You're getting thousand dollars sheets for just a couple of hundred bucks.
Go to boll and branch. That's B o l l and branch.com and they'll treat you,
uh, they'll let you try them. Risk fee three for 30 nights.
If you don't love them, you can send them back.
You have nothing to lose and it gets even better.
Go to Boll and branch.com today for 20% off your entire order sheets, towels,
blankets, and do VA covers everything.
Plus free shipping and all their products come beautifully packaged and their
signature boxes. Go to Boland,
branch.com today for 20% off your entire order and use Promo Code Bar Bolen,
branch.com Promo Code Bar Boll and branch.com Promo Code Bar.
And lastly, but certainly not leastly tracker.
Oh pens and fucking caps go to overtime. All right. Trackers, smart cars,
smart phones, SMAD homes, technology as everything. Smack,
but losing your stuff sucks, man. It makes smack people feel stupid.
Tracker makes losing things.
A thing of the past tracker was a coin size device that's put in the base of
your brain. Now that's locates this kid, this plays keys, wallets, bags,
computers, anything in seconds. Just pair of tracker to your smartphone,
attach it to anything and finance. Precise location with the tap of a button.
It's that easy. Lose your phone, no problem. Press the button on tracker. Bam.
There's your phone. Oh, there it is. Right onto my ash.
Even when it's on silent. You can still hear it.
All right with over 1.5 million devices tracker has the largest crowd gps
network in the world, so your last item shows up on a map.
Even if it's miles away, never lose anything.
Again with tracker listeners to this show,
get a special discount of 30% off your entire order.
Go to the tracker.com t h e tracker.com and enter the Promo Code Bar.
The hardest thing you'll ever have to do is find their website.
Go to the tracker doc,
go to the tracker.com right now and enter Fomo code borough for 30% off your
entire order. Again,
that's the t h e tracker.com Promo Code Berg.
All right, with that, here's some music,
some throwback back, a podcast stuff there, right? I'll Gigi. Sure
[inaudible]
come back.
Hey, what's going on? This is bill bar.
It's the Monday morning podcast that I'm going to be doing in my dented fucking
hybrid cause I got a ton of Shit to do today and oh look at me Carson,
right out of the bat. You know, this is gonna be an edgy one. Excuse me,
little pollen in my throat. Um,
my car looks like shit. I'm getting it fixed this week.
Getting a dent taken out and it cost me 800 bucks,
which a I my insurance company,
but all they're going to do is charge me more money,
which really makes you wonder why the fuck he have insurance.
Insurance is one of the biggest scams out there. In fact,
I remember a long time ago buddy of mine was working in insurance when I first
started realizing what a fucking scam it was.
I was living in Boston at the time and he said to me, he goes, Bill,
what are the two tallest buildings in Boston? And I was like, ah,
the John Hancock building and the Prudential Center. He goes,
exactly, exactly.
You think they're paying out fucking money to people than not, you know,
we meet, go watch that fucking spike Lee thing on New Orleans. Um, all right.
Jesus Christ. Gonna be ordering people around. Um, anyways,
I got a lot of questions and advice last week when I was waiting for that
plumber to come. Six my stinky sink. And um,
a lot of people, first of all, wants to know if the plumber ever showed up.
Well, first let me give you the backstory here.
For those of you who didn't listen last week,
I'll give you a little bit of last week's episode.
Like one of those old Batman TV shows from the 60s. Uh, last week, uh,
plumber was supposed to come at 9:00 AM to look at my sink because for some
reason the water coming out of the spout of the Faucet,
um, smelled like swamp ass. I don't know why.
Started vaguely smelling like shit. And as the weeks progressed,
all of a sudden it was just, it was disgusting.
It smelled like literally a slump smelt like an app that was dipped in a swamp
after somebody just, all right, let's not, let's not get too disgusting.
It's not terrible. Right?
So this mother fucker was supposed to show up at 9:00 AM
when I started doing my podcast,
I believe it was about 10 oh three not to get anal. I tried to get anal here,
but uh, yeah, he still hadn't showed up. So basically, you know,
I was trashing him. I was trashing other plumbers,
the entire art of plumbing I was trashing. So a lot of people ask me,
because at the end of my podcast, uh, the guy had not shown up.
And a long story short,
about 20 minutes after my podcast, um,
I had to do something that people do in the bathroom.
So I went in there and got damn, and I did because I'm a fucking American.
Wouldn't you know, one, two,
three minutes after I finished doing what is my God given,
right as a fucking American with the bathroom that I pay to use the fucking
knock at the door. Who is it? The God damn plumber. And I'm like,
you gotta be shitting me. Okay. I didn't let a match. There was no incense.
I didn't burn a newspaper or a fucking, you know,
then let it trashcan on fire. You know,
like I was going to sink some doo-wop with three of my other friends.
It was just in there, all natural. And uh,
I don't know, I just, you know,
I'd panic for half a second then I just hit this moment of then like,
you know what, I don't give a fuck.
So he comes walking in after already finding out that a, you know,
reading this little report that I said my six smelt like swamp ass.
And he comes walking in there and I'm thinking maybe, maybe I'll be lucky.
Three minutes has gone by. I ate a pretty healthy diet, maybe a,
maybe the smell left and whatever. And he walked in, said, he goes,
Jesus Christ, because is that the smell coming out of the sink?
And a, the old me would've panicked at that point, but I didn't,
I just hit him with straight up honesty. Hey listen, I said, listen man,
I gotta be honest with you. You know,
you supposed to be here an hour and a half ago.
I didn't think he was showing up. So why a took a dump and a guy, he goes, ah,
no worries. No worries dude. Just shrugged it off.
You know, like somebody on the vice squad seeing a body,
you think smelling a little bit of shifts enough to scare a fucking plumber.
I've got news for you. It isn't cause I lived at last week and uh, anyways,
it turned out to be, um, I had this filter on my, uh, on my sink
and I guess some bacteria had built up and Yada, Yada Yada. What the fuck?
It's all good. So, uh,
so the guy did show up and uh,
there was a potentially awkward moment that I dispute. Must be,
he always got to go with honesty even when it's a,
a disgusting one and a wow. That was just one big shit joke story. It wasn't it.
But, um, I actually got a lot of advice, uh, one from my,
a particular plumber and he was saying, ah,
here's some people out there in case your, uh,
the water coming out of your faucet smells like swamp ass. Okay.
If you have a filter on there,
change that goddamn filter cause that might be it. And if not,
this plumber says sometimes it's easier to change the whole faucet when you're
dealing with that kind of smell. Stay away from the home depot faucets,
the plastic in them eventually cracks and leaks from somewhere.
I like Wolverine Brass, but anything with breasts and turtles should be fine.
So there you go. You liked that. You knew what my podcast, this is what I do.
I tell stories from my life that and it variably ended up being a big ship joke
story and a, you know, people listened to them and then I get information,
I try to pass it onto you. Then he goes,
that's from an actual plumber who was also upset that the plumber didn't show up
because I hate when people do shit like that. Right.
I know why it gives him a bad reputation. Evidently,
this is one of the good ones, you know,
kind of like one of those by the book cops that you see that 20 minutes into the
movie have to turn in their badge yet they continue to work the case and then
they solve it using extreme force, you know,
doing billion dollars worth of damage to the cities
fucking skyscape or whatever the hell you call it.
What the hell do you call that skyline?
Skyscape I really am an asshole. So there you go. Yes.
Every now and you want to use a, you want to use some breasts.
He said something about measuring the spread between the, the uh,
the nozzles on the faucet. And that's some shit I'm going to,
I'm going to remember to say that next time I go into a hardware store cause he
said I might get fucked over if I walk in there and look in the way I do like a
squeaky clean comic who takes a dump in a bathroom five minutes before the
plumber shows up. It's not my fault. He was late. Alright, here we go.
So anyway, if you new to my podcast, like I said,
I give information about upcoming gigs. Don't take a left in front of me.
Yeah, yeah. Welcome to America.
We wait for the other guy two weeks now, but there is a right away law. Okay.
Um, Jesus Christ. Let me get through this part here.
I'm trying to navigate through traffic here.
I answer a people send me questions. Um,
they might have about anything from a when's your next kid to a,
how do you fix a sink, which I pass onto one of my 15 listeners.
I'm up to 1515 listeners, one evidently of whom is a plumber.
So if you have any questions, just email them to me.
Please tell people about this podcast so I can get the number up over 20 and uh,
and that's it. So first off, let me hype what I got coming up
the next episode up. Uninformed with Joe de Rosa,
my radio show with Joe de Rosa on XM Two oh two is going to be a this Saturday
night. Well, I think it's a Saturday, May 24th.
I don't have a calendar in front of me. Um, May 24th,
uh,
it's going to be on XM two oh two from 9:00 PM to 12:00 AM we have a,
a anger management therapist coming in and those of you who listen to our show
realize that me and Jo yell at each other a lot.
We tend to call each other cuts and we're trying to do a little less of that on
the show. So whatever the lady came on, it was a great show.
And Joe also recently split with his longtime girlfriend, so he had a lot of,
a lot of pain, a lot of tears shed. So anyways,
listen to XM two oh two, the uninformed show,
May 24th 9:00 PM to 12:00 AM with bill burn Joe to Rosa. All right,
there you go. And as far as upcoming gigs go, um,
I'm actually coming back to New York for one day this week. Um, uh,
going to be one of the comics on a Jim Norton standup show on HBO,
going to be doing 10 minutes of comedy and a,
that's going to be showing in airing in September. I believe so. Uh,
I'm actually this week trying to figure out what 10 minutes I'm going to do. Um,
and other than that,
I'm going to be a Caroline's comedy club on May 29th and June 1st
Charlie Goodnight's June 5th through the eighth and June 19th through the 21st.
There'll be at the punchline in Atlanta.
All of the dates I have up on my site except for the ones that I haven't put
down yet because I'm disorganized. And then you go, um,
anyways, back to the podcast here. Uh,
I want to thank everybody who came out to see me at Zany and I Chicago.
I went to a cubs game on Thursday and fucking sucked one of the best ballpark
there ever was. And every time it's like a fourth time go into a game out there.
And every time I go out there,
I'm always out there in April and May because I'm either doing a college or for
some reason that's when I get booked at Zany.
And I always go out there and it's like fucking 40 degrees out. And, uh,
you know,
there's barely any ivy on the wall and I feel like I'm at a bare scape just
freezing my fucking ass off in the collar up on my coat.
Like I'm going to commit a crime and a God damn baseball game.
I'm wearing my leather coat with the further inside.
Like I'm on Barney Miller and it goddamn baseball game.
I really feel bad for you.
People out there and strategy have such a beautiful city. That was a school bus.
It was a school bus that just went by. It almost took my fucking arm off. Um,
you know, such a beautiful goddamn city. But that, whether it's just that,
that Lake Michigan man, it's like this is giant fan.
It's just pointed at that city constantly. Um, all right.
That went nowhere. Whatever.
I went to a great baseball stadium and it fucking sucked because it was a,
you know, really sucks was where I was sitting there was just open a,
what have you called? I away in the new ballpark.
They wait until a stop at you play before they let people walk by,
which I've bitched about in the past because I've never had the seats right
behind the aisle. They're fucking horrific. I've never seen so much food.
There's so many food and beer vendors walk by every five fucking seconds.
Okay.
I missed so many goddamn place because have to have cotton candy guy.
It's like 40 degrees out. This guy's walking around with this big stick,
you know, you only do it. They got like that, uh, you know,
they don't want you to steal a shopping cart and they got that big long pole
going out the top of it. He's got one of those that on the end of it,
he's got all this fucking cotton sandy. All right.
It's like four feet across, walking around like a fucking Hobo,
a diabetic, Hobo, and he keeps walking bay cut and candy
like two. Nobody's buying cotton candy. All right.
A fucking four year old buys it after he gets off a Ferris wheel.
No one buys it at a fucking baseball game and it's 40 degrees out.
Okay.
Go get some pretzels.
Peanut,
some shit that puts you a waste that a walking around like we don't see it.
It's fucking Tutti. Frutti we see it
collect candy. All right, here we go. Podcast questions. Uh,
do you enjoy living in Los Angeles? Oh, do you regret moving? Well,
as you can obviously hear from the joy of this podcast,
I'm having the time of my life. I'm actually, no, I don't,
I don't regret moving out here. I actually, yeah, for the most part,
I love living out here.
Up until yesterday where I started to feel the beginning of the summer desert
heat and I got to admit I'm getting a little scared. It's a, uh,
like they say it's definitely a dry heat, but it's a,
yeah.
One way to describe desert heat is a oven NESC
as if to say like, you know, you haven't put like, I don't know,
you're cooking something and you get your forearm too close to the oven and you
just feel what it feels like to be a slowly roasted.
That's what it feels like. And I'm also one of the environment,
so I very rarely use my air conditioner.
So right now my victor Wooten tee shirt is stuck to my back,
but I'm going to plow through this here. So no, I don't regret moving out here.
Uh, it's, it has been a great experience. Definitely was an adjustment and, uh,
I fell on a place back in New York,
so I have that little Linus blanket in my back pocket. Anytime.
I don't want to be out here.
I'll fucking crush up my hybrid like an old tuna can and I'll recycle it and
I'll move back. All right, number two. Um,
I know you like conspiracy theory, so what's your take on John F.
Kennedy assassination? Who Do you think killed JFK?
I watched the mythbusters show one time.
They reenacted the magic bullet and were actually able to recreate it.
Okay.
Where are they? Where are they really able to fucking recreate the magic bullet?
Yep.
Kind of easy to do that when you've got a camera crew and fucking editing and
all that crap. Um, what do I think? Um,
I think what everybody thinks, I think, uh, you know,
I think a lot more people were involved. Um,
I don't know what the, what do I know? I don't know. I think, uh,
I think basically to become president, you, uh,
gotten gotta get in bed with a lot of shady people and if you go into office,
you turn your back on him. Um,
you're going for a ride in a convertible. That's what I think. I Dunno.
Obviously Oswald didn't do it or they wouldn't, they, they, they made our,
at least didn't do it by himself,
but they wouldn't have all that stuff inked out on the top secret. You know,
paper's there. God that I just sound angry, ignorant, you know,
I couldn't even say ignorant. All right. I don't know.
I don't know who the fuck did it, but you know, uh,
Jesus Christ is fucking Bosco head. Go
the hell are they advertising on the back? L Kooky Kui television.
So I learned how to speak Spanish, man. If it's the last fucking thing I do,
I swear to God, some of that Spanish TV, the women that are honest,
I,
some of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in my life and they always got
those fucking like
Fried Stiletto heels on and do.
What I love about Latin women is like you trust an American girl up like that.
She looked like she was getting whored out and this somehow on those Telemundo
shows, those girls are dressed like whores,
but somehow they own it. They own it. And their vibe is more like, yeah,
I know I look good and you'll never get this.
It probably also helps that they always have some fat 45 year old sorta used car
looking salesman host standing next to it and he's always giggling the way I'd
be giggling if I was standing next to him, um,
except I wouldn't have a jet black mustache. All right, next question.
Uh, Bill, there were some corn ball names for comedy clubs, giggles, bananas,
loony Bin, the funny bone. If you owned a comedy club,
what would you, what would you name it? A, I don't know. Slap happy.
You know what? I tried to give it a dignified name.
Uh, Winston's an elegant night
of comedy and Hilarious. I don't know what the fuck I would call it.
You know what the reality is, is that there is no good name for comedy club.
I'm trying to think of one punchline. Punchline is a good one. Giggles stinks.
It really takes out any sort of Krehlik credibility away from your,
like people going to be putting their hands up.
Like I'm one of those bad Asian horror movies. Um, or maybe the porno,
not the horn on mood or no, not the horror movies. I can't even fucking talk.
Breathing in this goddamn buses. Gas Fumes.
I think I just invented a new genre film. Cornell,
she's Hora and porn or not. That's a fucking smudge zone. All right.
Everything's been done. God Damn it. I can't come up with an original idea.
All right, completely unrelated question,
but I was wondering what your favorite music is. Uh,
what kinds of you listening to Jesus fucking Christ like I almost fucking slam
right into me. Wow. Imagine that.
And he like died on my podcast,
but I had like the energy to hit pound right before I died.
And so actually, uh, you know what, that would suck.
And I'd actually finally sell out a fucking club. Um, Jesus Christ,
that was so scary as fuck. I forgot the question. What are some of my favorite,
what am I listening to right now?
I'm actually listening to a Jimmy Hendrix band of Gypsies,
specifically that song machine gun,
which a I really like Google it, Google it, uh, or whatever.
Youtube it. And I watched Jimmy play it. Please don't watch John Mayer. Okay.
As he runs through the halls of his high school going fucking Jimi Hendrix,
um, with his Dennis Miller mullet. All right. Christ.
What the fuck am I lashing out at him? Do you know why?
It's because I'm trying to make a right turn.
The wind is blowing through my hybrid and it's blowing my little fucking sheet
music. But I like to call the podcast questions on my lap.
Um, wow. I'm going to finish the rest of this podcast and my garage,
like I'm going to commit suicide.
It's one of the great things about the hybrid is it's going to switch over to
electricity. So I don't have to worry about the fumes, which is actually,
I saw somebody do a bit about this. Alright.
And we hit the power button and it is off. That's a great thing about a hybrid.
You literally shut it off like a fucking radio. Um, all right.
We want it down there. People stay with me. All right, number six.
Are you the same bill borough that was in the movie. Passionata if so,
what kind of part did you have? I'd never seen the movie,
but I saw that a bill bird was on the cast list. Yes, that is me.
I was in that movie and I had a quick scene.
I played a guy at a black check blackjack table with actually the guy who was in
the movie. The Patriot played the, uh,
the general there, I guess, which was,
it was really over the top bad version of a, uh,
I guess a red coat and people in England got upset about it because,
uh, because that's not who they are over in England. You know,
I think if you've read a history book,
you look at the long wonderful line of diplomacy that has been England's foreign
policy. Um, you can understand why they would get upset by the movie,
the Patriot and why they're so upset with America and our foreign policy.
Because I know if any country out there would be upset by another country going
in and invading a country and oppressing its people,
it would be England because God knows they don't fucking stand for that shit.
Yes,
this is dripping with sarcasm and this is coming from all the youtube videos.
I see.
Will you sit there and you see all these English people who are on that Goddamn
high horse now? Because England's like, you know,
fourth place around the world now they can act like a like that.
Like there's like these fucking live aid people. All right,
we tell you something to my one listener who's from fucking England,
if you hate America right now,
the reason why you should hate us is because of plagiarism.
Because we still your ideas and it's how we now have our world empire,
which will eventually fall and take it off.
You fucking high horses. Okay.
You guys have created more goddamn evil out there and we're just,
you just passed the baton to us.
Now it's our turn to be evil and you guy's a fucking fat too. All right.
I've seen that show. You are,
when you eat motherfuckers over there having pork chops and fry ups for
breakfast. You know,
to go fuck yourselves and uh, go fuck yourselves and fuck man,
United Gabion Yankees of soccer. All right, there you go. Wow.
It's a little bit hanger there. Okay. Um, not that I even give a shit. Okay,
so don't send me some bad message that ends with mate.
Um, alright, that's it.
I'm now back in my apartment constantly like that.
You got to hear me walk up the fucking stairs. You heard the garage door closed.
You really get led into my life here. This is like my own reality show,
except it's not on television and there's no advertising money. Other than
that, I'm making a fortune. All right, so that's the deal.
Fairmont. My records, check my
ticket by
[inaudible]
[inaudible].